add geometry processing with multiple representations example (#4154)
IfcOpenShell/IfcOpenShell: src/ifcopenshell-python/docs/ifcopenshell-python/geometry_processing.rst

    # Process a profile
    geometry = geom.create_shape(settings, ifc_file.by_type("IfcProfileDef")[0])

Process individual element with multiple shape representations
---------------------

> When a element contains multiple shape representations, you can use third parameter of ``create_shape()`` to process each shape representation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an element contains multiple shape representations with the same identifier or when you want more explicit control over which representation is processed (e.g `Body` or `Tesselation`), you can use the third parameter of ``create_shape()`` to nominate a specific shape representation to be processed in the context of a product.
```
